docs: fixed the broken docs which was replaced due alef (#326)
Goldziher/html-to-markdown: docs/language-guides.md

# Language Binding Guides

Every binding wraps the same Rust core. The option names and return shapes are identical across languages; only the syntax differs. This page covers per-language install notes and naming conventions.

## Rust

**Package:** `html-to-markdown-rs` on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/html-to-markdown-rs)

```toml
html-to-markdown-rs = "3.1"
```

Option structs follow Rust naming conventions (`snake_case`). Use the builder API via `ConversionOptions::builder()` or construct `ConversionOptions` directly.

See [Installation: Feature Flags](installation.md#feature-flags) for the six Cargo features.

## Python

**Package:** `html-to-markdown` on PyPI
**Requires:** Python ≥ 3.10

```bash
pip install html-to-markdown
```

```python
from html_to_markdown import convert, ConversionOptions

result = convert("<h1>Title</h1>", ConversionOptions(heading_style="atx"))

> print(result["content"])

Reviewer: `print(result["content"])` raises `TypeError: 'ConversionResult' object is not subscriptable`. Use attribute access.

```suggestion
print(result.content)
```

```

> Option keys match the Rust field names (`snake_case`). `ConversionOptions` accepts keyword arguments. `result` is a dict with the same structure as `ConversionResult`. Access fields as `result["content"]`, `result["metadata"]`, etc.

Reviewer: Incorrect: `ConversionResult` is a frozen `pyclass` (`crates/html-to-markdown-py/src/lib.rs`), not a dict, and is not subscriptable.

```suggestion
Option keys match the Rust field names (`snake_case`). `ConversionOptions` accepts keyword arguments. `ConversionResult` is a class with attributes — access fields as `result.content`, `result.metadata`, `result.tables`, `result.images`, `result.document`, `result.warnings`.
```
